(docs): updated README.md for auto-updating UI ConfigMaps (#737)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/contributor/ui/README.md

Like the `Makefile`, any new UI component should be added to `sync.sh`.

# Auto-updating ConfigMaps

> The following annotation should be added to every ConfigMap:

Reviewer: Should be or must be?

```yaml
metadata:
  annotations:
    cloud-resources.kyma-project.io/version: v0.0.1
```

> Increment the version number every time a change is made to the ConfigMap. SKR Looper will compare the desired and existing version. If there is a difference, it will update the ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increment the version number every time a change is made to the ConfigMap. SKR Looper compares the desired version with the existing version. If there is a difference, it updates the ConfigMap.
```

Author: Changed in commit 0a5bb77
